Update README to include missing apps for installation (#66)
speedcubingmadrid/speedcubingmadrid.org: README.md

The dependencies are managed via `bundler`, so the first thing to do is to run `bundle install --path vendor/bundle`.
The website manages its JavaScript dependencies via Yarn, so you have to install them via `bin/yarn` as well.

>   - For macOS X you would additionally need to install Xcode which is available on the Mac App Store.

Author: ```suggestion
  - For MacOS X you would also need to install Xcode which is available on the Mac App Store.
```

>   - For macOS X you would additionally need to install XCode.app which is available [here](https://apps.apple.com/es/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12).

Author: Do you think we should include the direct link for the installation here?

Author: ```suggestion
  - For macOS X you would additionally need to install Xcode which is available on the Mac App Store.
```

>   - For Windows 10 you would additionally need to install .

Author: @PabloUC3M what should we put here?

Author: @PabloUC3M ?
